Blog post: Alt text event summary (#66)
scientific-python/blog.scientific-python.org: content/posts/scientific-python/alt-text-workshop-summary/index.md

---
title: "Team up! Alt text and cross-project community"
date: 2022-05-19
draft: false
tags: ["Scientific-Python", "event", "acessibility"]
description: "Learn more about alt text on the blog and how you can contribute."
displayInList: true
author: ["Mars Lee", "Isabela Presedo-Floyd"]
resources:
  - name: featuredImage

>     src: "alt-text-header.png"

Reviewer: @jarrodmillman do we have a way to put alt-text there?

discussions on the [working pull request](https://github.com/MarsBarLee/blog.scientific-python.org/pull/1), 
and the final steps needed to make change on the [contributing pull request](https://github.com/scientific-python/blog.scientific-python.org/pull/71).

But wait, there's more! While the community made great progress on improving 
the blog, the work to add or imporve alt text on Scientific Python's blog, 
website, and documentation is ongoing. You can continue these efforts by

- Contributing as an individual! There's no reason you can't write some image descriptions for your favorite blog post to make it even better. (👀 This is a great excuse to find a new favorite blog post.)
- Contributing as a group! Collect your friends, co-workers, neighbors, local book club attendees, or others to team up and write alt text. (Help for duplicating the process of our group PR can be found [on the draft event documentation](https://github.com/isabela-pf/a11y-events/tree/main/workshop-resources/alt-text).)
- Staying in touch for annoucements of future contributing events on the [Scientific Python Twitter](https://twitter.com/scientific_py).

---

> *This image description event has been run across multiple open-source projects in the scientific computing ecosystem. [Reach out via issue](https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/jupyter-a11y-mgmt/issues/new/choose) if you are interested in running a similar event on a project you are part of.* ❤️

Reviewer 2: This link leads to the Jupyter CZI accessibility grant. Maybe a better place would be to link to [a11y-events](https://github.com/isabela-pf/a11y-events/issues/new) or the [new landing page for the workshops](https://github.com/alt-text-task-force)?

> *This image description event has been run across multiple open-source projects in the scientific computing ecosystem. [Reach out via issue](https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/jupyter-a11y-mgmt/issues/new/choose) if you are interested in running a similar event on a project you are part of.* ❤️

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*This image description event has been run across multiple open-source projects in the scientific computing ecosystem. [Reach out via issue](https://github.com/isabela-pf/a11y-events/issues/new) if you are interested in running a similar event on a project you are part of.* ❤️
```

> *This image description event has been run across multiple open-source projects in the scientific computing ecosystem. [Reach out via issue](https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/jupyter-a11y-mgmt/issues/new/choose) if you are interested in running a similar event on a project you are part of.* ❤️

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*This image description event has been run across multiple open-source projects in the scientific computing ecosystem. [Reach out via issue](https://github.com/alt-text-task-force) if you are interested in running a similar event on a project you are part of.* ❤️
```
